Until now we have worked in JSFiddle,
well maybe you followed along on your local setup as I showed it in the first section of this
course
but no matter if you did that or if we use that, that is really just a setup which works for very simple
and small applications like the app we built before.
It's not a setup you want to use for medium sized or certainly not for big projects,
so in this course module we'll do the transition,
we'll take the basics we learned thus far, all the basics about vuejs and now, we'll put them into
work in bigger projects or in medium sized projects to begin with. To do that,
we need a different setup,
we'll move away from JSFiddle.
It's great for showcasing basic things but we're leaving this world now,
now we want to dive into components, into building bigger applications,
building our application up from different parts and pieces and for that, we will need a more elaborate build
process which sounds bigger than it is but we need some additional tools,
we need some additional features and JSFiddle just doesn't offer them,
especially it will get more and more different to kind of understand what's going on if you only have
this small of an editor.
So with that in this module, we'll have a look at which workflows we could use when using or when working
with vuejs, how vuejs supports us with that
and what's so special about these workflows.
Let's dive in.